src/content/blog/introductory-post.md, before:

---
title: How I ended up in the Philippines
description: This is my first post
pubDate: 2023-08-01
tags: [blog]
---

<div class="text-container">
I am excited to be entering the world of blogging.

I am a United States Citizen living in the Philippines. How did I get here? Why am I here? Those are the question I will answer in the next few sentences or paragraphs. We will see how it turns out.

I was retired while in the United States. My pension and Social Security were enough to cover my basic living expenses but I didn't have enough to enjoy any extras. And I enjoyed those extra things in life. You know, things like an occasional movie, a dinner out, the little things in life that make life a little bit more enjoyable. So, I started driving cab to supplement my SS and small pension. So, I had enough for those extras.

One day, I received a friend request from an unknown woman on Facebook. She looked like an attractive woman. So, I checked out her page on Facebook, and accepted her friend request. I later found out how she found me on Facebook. I have a cousin who is married to a Filipina and she was looking through his friends on Facebook. I guess I happened to catch her eye. At first, she was interested in finding a sponsor to help pay for her oldest daughter's schooling (Her daughter was 15 at the time). So, being a Christian, I started sending her a little money. I had told her I couldn't send her much, but I could help out a little. That is how it all started.

And we chatted and chatted, sometimes video chatted. As we started learning about each other somewhere along the line we fell in love.

So, we started making plans and on February 28, 2020 I left the USA and flew to the Philippines. She meant me in Manila and we stayed in Manila for three days. I had an appointment at the US Embassy because the Philippines Government require me to get an affidavit stating I wasn't married to another and I was legally able to get married in the Philippines.

The interesting part of being here it was the beginning of COVID 19 scare. So after being here for only two weeks we were into Lock-down.

Well, that's enough for my first post. In my send post I will talk about my life in the Philippines, how i am embracing life here, blending our cultures, Parenting and family life, reflections and growth; So make sure to come again and I hope you enjoyed this post.

</div>

Commit message:

chznged post tag to blog

src/content/blog/introductory-post.md, after:

---
title: How I ended up in the Philippines
description: How I ended up in the Philippines
pubDate: 2023-08-01
tags:
  - blog
---

I am excited to be entering the world of blogging.

I am a United States Citizen living in the Philippines. How did I get here? Why am I here? Those are the question I will answer in the next few sentences or paragraphs. We will see how it turns out.

I was retired while in the United States. My pension and Social Security were enough to cover my basic living expenses but I didn't have enough to enjoy any extras. And I enjoyed those extra things in life. You know, things like an occasional movie, a dinner out, the little things in life that make life a little bit more enjoyable. So, I started driving cab to supplement my SS and small pension. So, I had enough for those extras.

One day, I received a friend request from an unknown woman on Facebook. She looked like an attractive woman. So, I checked out her page on Facebook, and accepted her friend request. I later found out how she found me on Facebook. I have a cousin who is married to a Filipina and she was looking through his friends on Facebook. I guess I happened to catch her eye. At first, she was interested in finding a sponsor to help pay for her oldest daughter's schooling (Her daughter was 15 at the time). So, being a Christian, I started sending her a little money. I had told her I couldn't send her much, but I could help out a little. That is how it all started.

And we chatted and chatted, sometimes video chatted. As we started learning about each other somewhere along the line we fell in love.

So, we started making plans and on February 28, 2020 I left the USA and flew to the Philippines. She meant me in Manila and we stayed in Manila for three days. I had an appointment at the US Embassy because the Philippines Government require me to get an affidavit stating I wasn't married to another and I was legally able to get married in the Philippines.

The interesting part of being here it was the beginning of COVID 19 scare. So after being here for only two weeks we were into Lock-down.

Well, that's enough for my first post. In my send post I will talk about my life in the Philippines, how i am embracing life here, blending our cultures, Parenting and family life, reflections and growth; So make sure to come again and I hope you enjoyed this post.
